Tidy up compatible MCUs docs (#7295)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/compatible_microcontrollers.md

# Compatible Microcontrollers

## Atmel AVR

QMK runs on any Atmel USB AVR microcontroller with enough flash space - generally 32KB or more, though it will just squeeze into 16KB with most features disabled. The following use [LUFA](https://www.fourwalledcubicle.com/LUFA.php) as the USB stack:

* [ATmega16U2](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATmega16U2) / [ATmega32U2](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATmega32U2)
* [ATmega16U4](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATmega16U4) / [ATmega32U4](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATmega32U4)
* [AT90USB64](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/AT90USB646) / [AT90USB128](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/AT90USB1286)

Certain MCUs which do not have native USB will use [V-USB](https://www.obdev.at/products/vusb/index.html) instead:

* [ATmega32A](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATmega32A)
* [ATmega328P](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATmega328P)

## ARM

> You can also use any ARM chip that [ChibiOS](http://www.chibios.org) supports. These have plenty of flash. Known to work are:

Reviewer: Not all ST chips have USB. Something like a f042 could run QMK, but the 16KB version will really struggle.
```suggestion
You can also use any ARM chip that [ChibiOS](http://www.chibios.org) supports that has USB. Most have plenty of flash. Known to work are:
```

Author: There are two F042 boards already in the repo, in fact. One of them calls out the STM32F042K6T6 specifically, which has 32KB.

Reviewer: Different variants can have different amounts of flash, STM32F042K4 is 16KB.
STM32F030 runs chibios, but has no USB so kinda useless in the current QMK setup.

Author: Could maybe say that 32KB is the absolute minimum for STM32/ARM/both? Move the sentence that talks about it in the AVR section further up to an intro paragraph.
